about 780 million people around the
world do not even have access to clean
drinking water according to a UN report
from last year and one question that
often comes up is why can't we remove
salt from ocean water because of course
of overwhelming majority in the upper
90s percent of the water on Earth is not
drinkable because it is saltwater and
it's considered a very very costly
process typically to desalinate water is
it desalinate or Desalle and I don't
know
I believe it to desalinate desalinate
that's what I thought but it is of
course desalinization
what was that in time I think it's
desalination if anyone wants to look
this up I think you'll find I'm right we
did look it up and it said the
desalinization but I don't know where
you're gonna we now have Lockheed
Lockheed Martin corporation a
traditionally considered a weapons
manufacturer which is developing a new
technology which could solve the water
problem they have been developing a
process which is basically a thin carbon
membrane with with basically regular
holes in it that are a nanometer in size
that is a billionth of a meter Louis
which actually are they essentially work
like a sieve and you can just sift out
the salt essentially is what you can do
and if this technology can be developed
one of the issues right now is that
these membranes are so delicate that
even working with them makes them likely
to tear and you don't even get to the
point of even being able to employ them
this could be a huge breakthrough in the
removal of salt from ocean water which
some say could solve the drinking water
problem yeah it it's a step in the right
direction of course there's a lot of
questions as to well how do you pump it
to people inland right um you know who's
gonna fund these plants and where are
they going to be placed
well the funding thing is interesting do
you care at all that this is Lockheed a
weapons manufacturer that is working on
this would you rather it be a different
company or would you rather just solve
the problem well we've talked about this
before I mean it seems like the
companies that we don't want involved in
projects like this unfortunately other
ones that have the resources to do it
so you know I can't think
and how this is going to you know create
more weapons that are gonna kill people
this could just be something that they
see as a huge profit maker certainly and
good for them if they can pull it off
and do something good
yeah there's varied views on that but I
think it's interesting technology
nonetheless and we also need better
technology for reusing wastewater and
turning that into water that that is
drinkable right